Process tracker improvements 1 (#793)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/imports-exports/quick-export.md

To save time, your selections are stored in your local session. It means the next time you click on Quick Export, the same options will already be selected.
:::

> After you've launched a quick product export from the product grid, you can easily jump to this task's progress detail in the process tracker. Indeed, you'll find a link to the job detail directly inside the flash message that confirms the quick export launch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've launched a quick product export from the product grid, you can easily jump to this task's progress details in the process tracker. Indeed, you just need to click on the link to the job detail directly embedded in the flash message that confirms the quick export launch.
```
